implication.išvada.But we can form implications from similar statements.Noun. .
imply.reikšti.In the language of implication, we say that the contrapositive of "P implies Q" is "not Q implies not P".Verb. .
consecutive.einantis iš eilės, nuoseklus.She also wants never to go to the gym on two consecutive days.Adjective. .
acute.smailus.Determine whether the angle between U and V is acute, obtuse, or a right angle.Adjective. .
obtuse.bukas.Determine whether the angle between U and V is acute, obtuse, or a right angle.Adjective. .
right.status.Determine whether the angle between U and V is acute, obtuse, or a right angle.Adjective. .
diagonal.įstrižainė.A cube has four diagonals.Noun. .
perpendicular.statmenas, status.Show that no two of them are perpendicular.Adjective. .
vertex.viršūnė.Compute the area of the triangle with the given vertices using both methods.Noun. .
orthogonal.statmenas, status.Prove that U is orthogonal to V-projU(V) for all vectors U and V in Rn, where U not equal 0.Adjective. .
complementary.papildantis vienas kitą.All we need to know was that the conditions are complementary.Adjective. .
proposition.teiginys, tvirtinimas.The symbols P and Q are called propositional variables, since they can stand for any "proposition", that is, any statement that can have one of the truth values, true of false.Noun. .
inconsistent.prieštaraujantis, prieštaringas.If we can prove that this conjunction is inconsistent, then we have proved that the entailment in (1) is valid.Adjective. .
velocity.greitumas, greitis.We begin by showing how the idea of a limit arises when we try to find the velocity of a falling ball.Noun. .
instantaneous.akimirksnio, momentalus, momentinis.The instantaneous velocity when t = 5 is defined to be the limiting value of these average velocities over shorter and shorter time periods that start at t = 5.Adjective. .
sine.sinusas.sin x means the sine of the angle whose radian measure is x.Noun. .
oscillate.virpėti, vibruoti, svyruoti.The dashed lines near the y-axis indicate that the values of sin(pi/x) oscillate between 1 and -1 infinitely often as x approaches 0.Verb. .
rigorous.tikslus, kruopštus.Definition 1 is appropriate for an intuitive understanding of limits, but for deeper understanding and rigorous proofs we need to be more precise.Adjective. .
quantitative.kiekybinis, kiekinis.We want to express, in a quantitative manner, that f(x) can be made arbitrarily close to L by taking x to be sufficiently close to a.Adjective. .
polynomial.daugianaris, polinomas.If f is a polynomial or a rational function and a is in the domain of f, then.Noun. .
